Added ability to pass capability to repl through config file : Fix for https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/issues/8048 (#8156)
webdriverio/webdriverio: website/docs/repl.md

With `v4.5.0`, WebdriverIO introduced a [REPL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Read%E2%80%93eval%E2%80%93print_loop) interface that helps you to not only learn the framework API, but also debug and inspect your tests. It can be used in multiple ways.

First you can use it as CLI command by installing `npm install -i @wdio/cli` and spawn a WebDriver session from the command line, e.g.

```sh
npx wdio repl chrome
```

This would open a Chrome browser that you can control with the REPL interface. Make sure you have a browser driver running on port `4444` in order to initiate the session. If you have a [Sauce Labs](https://saucelabs.com) (or other cloud vendor) account, you can also directly run the browser on your command line in the cloud via:

```sh
wdio repl chrome -u $SAUCE_USERNAME -k $SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY
```

> Capabilities can be passed to the repl through the supported commandline arguments as mentioned in the below sections. More capabilites than the supported commandline arguments can be passed using the wdio config file. Wdio support both capabilities list and mutiremote capability, you can specify which capability to use from list or multiremote using --capability flag eg:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Capabilities can be passed to the repl through the supported commandline arguments as mentioned in the below sections. More capabilites than the supported commandline arguments can be passed using the wdio config file. Wdio support both capabilities list and mutiremote capabilities, you can specify which capability to use from list or multiremote using `--capability` flag e.g.:
```

wdio repl chrome -u $SAUCE_USERNAME -k $SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY
```

If driver is running on different port eg : 9515, it could passed with the command line argument --port or alias -p

```sh
wdio repl chrome -u $SAUCE_USERNAME -k $SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY -p 9515
```

Repl could also be ran using the capabilities from the webdriverIO config file. Wdio supports capabilities object; or ; multiremote capability list or object. 

If the config file uses capabilities object then just pass the path to config file, else if its a multiremote capability then, specify which capability to use from list or multiremote using the positional argument . Note: for list we consider zero based index. 

```sh
wdio repl "./path/to/wdio.config.js" 
wdio repl "./path/to/wdio.config.js" 0 -p 9515

> wdio repl "./path/to/wdio.config.js" "capabilityPropertyName" -p 9515

Reviewer: Maybe we add some examples, e.g. "if your config capabilities look like this you can run a repl for this capability by executing this".
